monster quad bike to set a brand new
record for the moving ram quad bike jump
so Matt what you're attempting to do
today is a brand new record category
because you're gonna jump over not one
but four moving vehicles and you're
going to take off on a moving ramp
that's right yeah it's um it's a new
category hopefully a few more people
will break this record and I'm gonna
jump over this is quite difficult
actually because I've got when they
actually call it hits the ramp it sucks
me on and it's quite a deceiving jump
it's a lot harder than actually looks so
it must be more difficult than if the
cars are just stationary well you are
definitely definitely because it's the
ramp even though the runways quite
smooth the leading legs of the ramp
they're bouncing around a little bit and
it sort of upsets things a bit yeah so
what factors you have to take into
account when you're setting up some kind
of jump like this well this jumpy are
going to make sure the drivers keep a
constant distance like I don't want to
be coming down the runway and and
they're spreading apart I got to be
constant all the way and the lead driver
were the one I'm talking the ramp he
actually is gotta not accelerate even
though he's going to fight to not you
know you can fight accelerate cuz when I
hit the ramp it's going to pull him back
a little bit and he's going to have the
urge to accelerate and if he does that 2
comments 8 when i leave the ramp the cow
will jump forward and crash into the
others and the log pile up and I'll end
up jumping a motorway smash which is not
a good thing to do don't so how far
you're gonna have to be going to clear
the moving vehicles I think I'm going to
have to do ballet tomorrow um it's hard
to say again it's all on feel is it's
not like a calculated thing with speed
and things like that um bitches to us on
feel so go and prepare I guess I don't
brake lever ah thank you very much I'll
try not to holy done that it's a good
luck Oh what are you up to it i don't
see Leila
before making any attempt at jumping the
four moving cars matt has to be
absolutely sure that all the cars are
traveling at exactly the same speed
car number three is finding it difficult
to keep a constant speed it keeps
crashing into the car in front if he
doesn't maintain the same distance the
ramp will be pushed back and the jump
will become longer than Matt thinks it
is that is dangerous
he's not happy so he stops the car so
talk to the lead driver who has the most
important job Matt cannot start the
attempt until he's sure the cars will
stick together
a final word for the other drivers and
they go for another rehearsal
Matt looks on
is making a test approach
we tried the round for size
and now he's going for it
no he's still not happy
at last he's ready to go for the record
the moving rap on bike jump
he's up tastic he's over it was worth
the wait
you did it